Hello baby
Demon Lord, return my sister's life
Yuchen retreats first
You can't beat him
Dead people are too powerful
I'm afraid you can't do it alone.
It doesn't matter if I have my own measure.
Is trading peak
How about I make a deal with you?
What deal?
My daughter loves you like crazy
You hand over the bones
Killed the woman next to you at your own expense
I will spare your life
Let the flies go with you
Pardon me?
You still call yourself a dignified devil
How dare you say such a thing?
Do you think you still have a choice?
You have to use all your strength to save him
To get rid of the bone worms in his body
If you don't save him, you may not be my opponent
You think I have nothing but life
Have nothing?
Hmph, don't I know you yet?
Shao Yifeng 400 years ago, even if you tried your best
Still no business
You haven't forgotten the tragic situation back then, have you?
This item is Yinglong Dragon Ball.
It purifies everything.
I thought it was something good
Hahaha, take a closer look at that dragon ball.
The whole bead is dull
You must have overused it before
If you use the Dragon Ball again, you will have all your mana
It has become an ordinary bead.
Good stuff
Of course, it will be saved for the right time.
Ying Long God of War gave me this bead
Presumably for this moment